License: WTFPL

Humans and Gray aliens: the only known sentient carbon based beings in the galaxy. Sure there are plenty of carbon based animals, and even some sentient races whose physiology is incomprehendable. It is impossible to communicate with them, so we just ignore them, and they ignore us.

Human beings and Zeta Reticulans aka grey aliens were pretty much at the same overall level of technology; just in different areas.

Humans were in the Information age, and the Greys were in the Space age.

While the Greys were exploring nearby star systems in their hyperdrive "flying saucers" whose round shape composed mostly of the large primitive computer memory required to assist the pilot in plotting hyperspace jumps and orbital maneuvers, Humans were sending AI rovers to Mars.

Greys have always been nomads by nature, while humans have mastered the art of farming. The grey's medical technology was far beyond ours.

The Zeta Reticulans came to Earth to study the mysterious beings who were so similar to them, on such a strange planet whose majority of lifeforms were not hermaphroditic. They made an agreement with the Human government to capture and study random citizens and wipe their memory thus interfering as little as possible.

Suspicions were rising. In the late 21st century Google Glass was the latest staple, and some people were hacking these devices to record to a Tor server. Recordings of alien kidnappings were popping up everywhere. The government managed to censor most of it on the web but not on Tor. Thus people were becoming aware that these weren't hoaxes. This led to the sabotage of a flying saucer by somebody who wasn't willing to cooperate. This tragic First Contact sparked a bloody interstellar war that lasted 900 years.

*humans stole a hyperdrive and worked out how to use it and produce them, and also gained access to Zeta Reticulan medical knowledge, allowing humans to put computer implants in their bodies, something the grays could never manage.

*The Grays could never work out how to produce human computer technology, due to the closed source nature of it. (Thank you very much microsoft) However, in imitation of the Internet, they have created a Hypernet composed of large computers the size of houses on many systems sending signals through Hyperspace. Humans have not yet managed to send signals faster than the speed of light, and are restricted to planetary networks.

It is now the 31st century, and both races have enjoys a century of uneasy truce. Basically if you don't talk to me, I won't talk to you. 

And then You were born, with a dream of both races living in harmony. But first, you must survive your own race...
